Data table and resource list a11y docs (#927)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/ResourceList/README.md

export default App;
```

---

## Accessibility

<!-- content-for: web -->

> Use the resource list component to let merchants access and manage a list of items. To present content that’s primarily a table of data, use the [data table component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/lists-and-tables/data-table) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the resource list component to let merchants access and manage a list of items. To present a list of items in a tabular format for merchants to analyze, use the [data table component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/lists-and-tables/data-table) instead.
```

### Structure

To show the relationships between items in the list, the resource list component produces a list wrapper (`<ul>`) and list items (`<li>`). This structure allows merchants who use screen readers to:

- Identify how many items are in the current resource list view
- Know that all of the list items go together

### Bulk actions

> A resource list with bulk actions includes checkboxes that merchants can use to select all items or individual items. The component generates a unique `id` is for each checkbox `<input>`, and each `<input>` is given a visually hidden label that leverages the `accessibilityLabel` for the item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource list with bulk actions includes checkboxes that merchants can use to select all items or individual items. The component generates a unique `id` for each checkbox `<input>`, and each `<input>` is given a visually hidden label that leverages the `accessibilityLabel` for the item.
```

> If some but not all items are checked, then the bulk checkbox uses `aria-checked=”mixed”` to convey the partially selected state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If some but not all items are checked, then the bulk checkbox uses `aria-checked="mixed"` to convey the partially selected state.
```

### Sorting and filtering

When merchants use sorting and filtering controls to update items in the list, the update is conveyed to screen readers with an `aria-live="polite"` attribute on the list.

### Navigation

> Primarily, items in a resource list function as links to the full-page representations of the items. Each item should have a unique `name` prop. For each `ResourceList.Item`, the `accessibilityLabel` prop should be used to give the link a unique `aria-label`. The `aria-label` should convey the link’s purpose, using the `name` value. Merchants who use screen readers should be able to easily distinguish each link from the others. Using a unique `name` for each item is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primarily, items in a resource list function as links to the full-page representations of the items. Each item should have a unique `name` prop. For each `ResourceList.Item`, the `accessibilityLabel` prop should be used to give the link a unique `aria-label`. The `aria-label` should convey the link’s purpose, using the `name` value. Merchants who use screen readers should be able to easily distinguish each link from the others.
```

Reviewer: (^ The last sentence seems unnecessary, since the second sentence already recommends giving each item a unique name)

### Keyboard

> Keyboard users expect to give controls in the resource list keyboard focus with the `tab` key (or `shift` + `tab` when tabbing backwards).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keyboard users expect to give controls in the resource list keyboard focus with the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards).
```

> - Links can be activated with the `enter`/`return` key by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Links can be activated with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key by default
```

Author: @kaelig Since the Polaris styles for `<kbd>` don't get applied in the style guide, I actually found the text harder to read because it's extremely small. I opted for the regular monospace formatting. Do you feel like this is a blocker?

I left a note on that topic on a previous PR: https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/924#pullrequestreview-195279136

Reviewer 2: Thank you, sorry I hadn't seen that previous PR!

I created a PR on the style guide to support kbd elements: https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-styleguide/pull/2527

> - Checkboxes can be checked and unchecked with the `space` key by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Checkboxes can be checked and unchecked with the <kbd>space</kbd> key by default
```

> - Buttons added with other configurations can be activated with the `enter`/`return` key or the `space` by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Buttons added with other configurations can be activated with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key or the <kbd>space</kbd> by default
```

> - Buttons added with other configurations can be activated with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key or the <kbd>space</kbd> by default

Reviewer 2: > or the space by default

Is this correct? Or is "key" missing after "space"?

Author: ```suggestion
- Buttons added with other configurations can be activated with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key or the <kbd>space</kbd> key by default
```
